Upgrade the Nix build system (#639)
haskell/haskell-language-server: README.md

$ stack build
```

#### Using Nix

The instructions below show how to set up a Cachix binary cache and open a nix shell for local development.

```shell
$ cachix use haskell-language-server
$ nix-shell

> $ cabal update

Author: This Nix script is specifically targeted at using with `cabal build`

$ cabal build
```

> If you are looking for a Nix expression to create haskell-language-server binaries, seehttps://github.com/haskell/haskell-language-server/issues/122

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are looking for a Nix expression to create haskell-language-server binaries, see https://github.com/haskell/haskell-language-server/issues/122
```

Reviewer: could we include the nix expression in the readme, to being able to close the issue?

Author: But it's not a solved problem, and if it is I'm not in a position to state the solution, hence referring to an open issue.
